[SAASINT-5086] DDS: Valence Security: Crawler Integration v1.0.0 (#22258)
DataDog/integrations-core: valence_security/README.md

## Overview

[Valence Security][1] is SaaS security platform that protects cloud applications by discovering, monitoring, and remediating risks across business apps. It reduces exposure from misconfigurations, third-party integrations, and identity threats, ensuring continuous compliance and data protection for SaaS environments.

> This integration ingests the following logs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration ingests the following log types:
```

- **Alerts**: These logs provide detailed visibility into SaaS security risks by detecting suspicious activities, misconfigurations, identity threats, and data exposure across cloud applications.
- **Audit Logs**: These logs provide detailed visibility into user and system activities, capturing configuration changes, access events, and administrative actions.

> Integrate Valence Security with Datadog to gain insights into alerts and audit logs using pre-built dashboard visualizations. Datadog uses its built-in log pipelines to parse and enrich these logs, facilitating easy search and detailed insights. Additionally, the integration can be used with Cloud SIEM detection rules for enhanced monitoring and security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integrate Valence Security with Datadog to analyze alerts and audit logs using pre-built dashboards. Datadog parses and enriches these logs using built-in log pipelines. You can also use this data with Cloud SIEM detection rules for security monitoring.
```

Author: Done 👍

## Setup

### Generate an API key in Valence Security

1. Log in to the Valence Security platform using an admin account.
2. Navigate to **Administration** > **Settings** > **Valence API**.
3. Click **+ Generate API Key** and provide the following details:
   - **API key description**: A description of the API key's purpose.
   - **Display name**: A user-friendly name to identify the API key.
   - **Role**: The role associated with the API key (select **Admin**).
4. Click **Generate** and copy the API key.
5. Identify your Valence Security region by checking the hostname suffix of your URL:
   - `app.valencesecurity.com`: US
   - `appeu.valencesecurity.com`: EU

> ### Connect your Valence Security Account to Datadog

Author: Done 👍

>    - appeu.valencesecurity.com -> EU

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to Valence Security platform using an admin account.
2. Navigate to **Administration** > **Settings** > **Valence API**.
3. Click **+ Generate API Key** and provide the following details:
   - **API Key Description**: A description of the API Key purpose.
   - **Display Name**: A user-friendly name to identify the API Key.
   - **Role**: The role associated with the API key. Select **Admin** from the dropdown.
4. Click **Generate** and copy the API key.
5. Identify your Valence Security region by checking the hostname suffix of your URL:
   - `app.valencesecurity.com`: US
   - `appeu.valencesecurity.com`: EU
```

Author: Done 👍

> 1. Add your `Region` and `API Key`.

Reviewer: @shubhamvekariya-crest Noted, thanks for clarifying!

   | Parameter | Description |
   | ---------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
   | Region | The Valence Security region. |

>    | API Key | The Valence Security API key. |

Author: Done 👍

   | Get Alerts | Control the collection of Alerts from Valence Security. <br> Enabled by default.|
   | Get Audit Logs | Control the collection of Audit Logs from Valence Security. <br> Enabled by default.|
2. Click **Save**.

## Data Collected

### Logs

> The Valence Security integration collects and forwards alerts and audit logs to Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Valence Security integration collects alerts and audit logs and forwards them to Datadog.
```
